I support Chen Shixian as the president of Lin's Group
Uncle Lin, what tricks are you trying to play?
Uncle Lin, what did you just say?
I said I support Uncle Lin
What do you mean?
Literally
I don't understand. You weren't just at the signing ceremony
Humiliated Chen Shixian?
Why was he bought off by this fat son-in-law so quickly?
uncle
I think you've forgotten what I told you
You don't even want to enter the Lin Group again
You little girl
It's not your turn to tell me what to do
The Lin Group is my brother's blood
Now Lin Moyin is resigning
I should take over
Don't forget
Lin's Group, I also have capital rights
Uncle Lin
What the hell are you doing?